added DbotScore calcaulation explenation (#18448)
demisto/content: Packs/AlienVault_OTX/Integrations/AlienVault_OTX_v2/README.md

## Additional Information
 - AlienVault considers non lowercased URL protocol as invalid, e.g, HTTP://www.google.com. Hence such submissions will be lowercased to ensure a seamless usage of the integration.

## Dbot score calculation method

> First, the DbotScore return *Good* if the false_positive.assessment is “accepted”.
> Else, 
>     if there's no validation in the response then the DbotScore will return score based on the pulase_info length:
>         *Bad* if the length is larger / equal than the default threshold given by the user, 
>         *SUSPICIOUS* if it's between 0 and the default threshold,
>         *None* if the length is zero.
>     Else, if there's one validation, DbotScore will return *SUSPICIOUS*
>     Otherwise, will return Good.

Reviewer: Re-ordered the logic here a bit, tell me if it makes sense
```suggestion
In case AlienVault OTX API response contains `accepted` under the `false_positive.assessment` key, the DbotScore will be set to **Good**.
Otherwise, if the response includes one validation, DbotScore will be set to **SUSPICIOUS**, if there's no validation in the response then the DbotScore will be set by the `pulse_info` length in the following manner:
   - **Bad** - If the length of is greater or equal to the default threshold given by the user.
   - **SUSPICIOUS** - If the length is shorter than the default threshold.
    - **None** - If the length is zero.

In any other case, the DbotScore will be set to **Good**.
```
